# Quest Archive

<!---------------------------------------------------------------------->
## 0. Installs and Prelims

### [Installs and Blink](/docs/quests/docs/archive/installs.md)

This brings up the various tools required for the course and must be
done by each person on own computer. 

<!---------------------------------------------------------------------->
## 1. Analog Sensors

### [Mission Impossible Vault (Fall 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/mission-impossible.md)

This quest involves implementing periodic sensing using multiple
modalities and time cycles, and reporting alarm conditions.

### [Solar Tracker (longer) (Spring 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/solar-tracker-longer.md)

Build a system that tracks the sun for best power efficiency.

### [Solar Tracker (shorter) (Spring 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/solar-tracker.md)

Build a system that tracks the sun for best power efficiency.

### [Four-Legged Walker (Fall 2022)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/4legwalker.md)

This quest creates a basic four legged walker using two servos.

### [Emulate Sonar (Fall 2022)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/radar.md)

In this quest you will bring up most of the analog sensors in the kit
and display the measured values on a GUI. The goal is to mimic the
performance of a sonar system, while also learning how to set up the
sensors for future projects.

### [Tactile Internet (Fall 2020)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/tactile.md)

This quest is similar to sensor central, but we rebranded it to be cooler.

### [Sensor Central (Fall 2019)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/sensor.md)

This quest brings up a host of sensors from the kit. 

### [Swiss Army Tape Measure (Fall 2018)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/swiss.md)

Here we build a set of tools for measuring things.


<!---------------------------------------------------------------------->
## 2. Timers and I2C Devices

### [Carmin Smart Watch (Fall 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/carmin.md)

In this quest you will create a wearable that will show time on the
alphanumeric display, measure steps, temerature, and alerts. It shoud
also provide a stopwatch function.

### [Occupancy Counting (Spring 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/occupancy.md)

Here we want to count people in a room. We use a variety of sensors to
generate and report data about our space.

### [Fish Feeder (Fall 2020)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/fish-feeder.md)

This is a sensor-actuator system in which you are able to schedule
feeding time for aquatic items.

### [Retro Clock (Fall 2019)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/retro-clock.md)

Build a clock with servos and digital display.

### [Pseudo-Mechanical Alarm Clock (Fall 2018)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/pseudo-clock.md)

Here you build a clock using servos for clock hands.

### [Nest Thermostat](/docs/quests/docs/archive/thermostat.md)

Good old Nest thermostat. Build it.


<!---------------------------------------------------------------------->
## 3.  Networking for Remote Control

### [Cat Tracker (Spring 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/cats-do.md)

This remote control project involves monitoring the cats at home while
we work elsewhere.

### [Hurricane Box with Remote Access (Fall 2020, 2021)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/hurricane.md)

This quest is to build a "hurricane box" that be put in remote
location to monitor the weather during an incoming storm. The device
will record weather parameters and report back to a central graphical
hub.

### [Online Appliance (long) (Fall 2018)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/online-cooker-v-long.md)

Build an online appliance with timer that you can control remotely.

### [Online Appliance (short) (Fall 2018)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/online-cooker.md)

Build an online appliance with timer that you can control remotely.

### [Wearable Computer with Remote Access (Fall 2019)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/wearable.md)

Design a wearable thingy for recording biometric data.

### [Camera Trap](/docs/quests/docs/archive/camera-trap.md)

This quest implements a camera trap that responds to an external
trigger and then captures images or video.

### [Coffee Maker](/docs/quests/docs/archive/coffee-maker.md)

Build a remote controlled coffee maker with monitoring video. Kind of
like Octobot but for coffee.

<!---------------------------------------------------------------------->
## 4. Driving

### [Venus Rover (Fall 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/venus-rover.md)

Here you will set up a vehicle to drive at a constant speed with
feedback control and to avoid obstructions using collision sensors.

### [Roadtrip (Spring 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/roadtrip.md)

This is a driving quest. Mostly for controlling steering and speed, not turns.

### [AI Driver (Fall 2022)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/neuralcar.md)

We will setup an AI driver for the vehicles that can learn how to
navigate and steer from humans. We will have a class competition with
a driving track.

### [Connected Car (Fall 2022)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/connectedcar.md)

Here you will sensorize a car and connect it to the network. 

### [Cruise and Remote Control (Fall 2019, 2020, 2021)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/cruise-control.md)

Here you will set up a vehicle to drive at a constant speed and
avoiding obstructions using sensors and feedback control driving and a
front sensor to prevent collisions.

### [Autonomous Driving (Fall 2019)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/driving.md)

This is a variant of self driving quest. 

### [Navigating a Car (Fall 2018)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/car-track.md)

Here you will motivate your car to traverse a track from a starting
line to a finish line. You will use range finding to maintain straight
driving and IR beacons to determine when to turn at waypoints. No
collisions are allowed. This is a variant of self driving quest.

### [Bluetooth Racing](/docs/quests/docs/archive/bluetooth-racing.md)

This quest is about using the ESP32 bluetooth API to enable 
remote control of the car plus live video FP streaming. 

### [PID Control on the Car](/docs/quests/docs/archive/car-pid-control.md)

The goal here is to build a demonstration of a PID loop using the
motor control for the car.

### [Driving the Car](/docs/quests/docs/archive/driving.md)

This is a version of the cruise control quest.

### [Floor is Lava](/docs/quests/docs/archive/car-on-table.md)

After we were booted from the Photonics Center hallways, we make do
with driving on tabletops. Don't fall into the lava.

### [Search and Rescue](/docs/quests/docs/archive/search-rescue.md)

This quest implements SAR with the vehicles.


<!---------------------------------------------------------------------->
## 5. Aggregation, Servers, and Databases

### [Straba Social Media (Fall 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/straba.md)

In this quest you will harness the data produced by your Carmin device
plus video from a pi camera. Data will be sent from one camera plus
multiple Carmins via WiFi to a server for web display.

### [Seating in a Coffee Shop (MQTT Broker) (Fall 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/mqtt.md)

This quest involves using a pi as a message broker supporting a
publish-subscribe model. The message broker bridges the intermittent
connection of a low power sensor device with the need for always-on
server to support client access at any time.

<!---------------------------------------------------------------------->
## 6. NFC, Security, IoT Provisioning, Distributed Systems

### [Secure Parking (Fall 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/parking.md)

This quest implements secure parking payment using two types of near
field communications (NFC): IR and QR image scanning. 

### [NFC Scooter Key Fob (Spring 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/nfc-key.md)

In this quest we use an NFC key fob to secure rental of a scooter. 

### [Electronic Voting 1 (Fall 2020)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/electronic-voting.md)

Here we use NFC for electronic voting. 

### [Electronic Voting 2 (Fall 2020)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/electronic-voting2.md)

Another version of electronic voting.

### [Secure Key (Fall 2019)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/secure-key.md)

This is the straight-up first secure key quest.

### [Smarht Key (Fall 2018)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/smart-key.md)

This quest implements a smart key as a fob. You carry this with you
and when you press the button on the fob, a message is sent via IR to
a hub, and the hub lets you access something.  This is a variant on
the smart fob.

### [Crosswalk (longer)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/crosswalk-longer.md)

This problem involves managing the timing of a pedestrian crossing in
this safety-critical system.

### [Crosswalk (shorter)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/crosswalk.md)

This problem involves managing the timing of a pedestrian crossing in
this safety-critical system.

### [Energy Monitoring and Control](/docs/quests/docs/archive/energy-monitoring.md)

This problem involves designing an energy management system combining
sensors and actuators in a built environment and enacting control
using networked devices.


<!---------------------------------------------------------------------->
## 7. Final Rollups

### [Rollup (Fall 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/rollup-2023f.md)

This final quest describes the use of prior skills and quests for a
final submission (Fall 2023)

### [Rally (longer) (Spring 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/rally-longer.md)

Rally is a sporting activity involving cars, competition, navigation,
and timing. A perfect rollup of the skills so far.


### [Rally (shorter) (Spring 2023)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/rally.md)

Rally is a sporting activity involving cars, competition, navigation,
and timing. A perfect rollup of the skills so far.

### [Rollup (Spring 2023))](/docs/quests/docs/archive/rollup.md)

The DIY rollup.

### [Rollup (Fall 201x)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/rollup-201xf.md)

This is an escape the course rollup.

### [Rollup (Fall 2019)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/rollup-2019f.md)

This rollup does a "capture the flag" using crawlers under remote
control.

### [Race to Find the Beacons/Escape the Course! (Fall 2018)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/remote-control.md)

This quest rolls up skills and quests that have been used earlier.
Each car will be set up with the IR receiver and will operate under
remote control to find the beacons. When catenated, the beacons
release a message and you can excape the course. This is another
excape the course quest.

### [Find the Beacons, Decode the Message, and Escape the Course](/docs/quests/docs/archive/find-beacons.md)

This is a rollup involving the vehicles and beacons. 

### [Rover Futbol](/docs/quests/docs/archive/flag.md)

This rollup invoves capturing the flag of another team  using the buggies.

### [Laser Tag](/docs/quests/docs/archive/laser-tag.md)
Two teams use a laser device in this classic game held in the dark. 



<!---------------------------------------------------------------------->
## 8. Misc Quests Hard to Categorize

### [Teaching a Car to Drive (Fall 2022)](/docs/quests/docs/archive/fobircontrol.md)

The goal of this quest is to use imitation learning to teach cars how to drive.

### [Cyclic Redundancy Check](/docs/quests/docs/archive/crc.md)

Implement CRC on the micro. This may be more of a skill than a quest. 

### [Tag Objects](/docs/quests/docs/archive/tag-object.md)

This quest is about putting an electronic tag on an object (such as
your keys) in order to locate it later. Indoor positioning.

### [Track](/docs/quests/docs/archive/track.md)

This is a driving and navigation quest.

### [Traffic Light](/docs/quests/docs/archive/traffic-light.md)

This quest uses ESPNOW for peer-to-peer networking. 


<!---------------------------------------------------------------------->
## 9. Quest Ideas Not Fully Baked


### [Smarty Pants](/docs/quests/docs/archive/smarty-pants.md)

Embed wireless sensors in pants.

### [Laser Tracking](/docs/quests/docs/archive/laser-tracking.md)

The quest involves using servos to steer a laser to land on a target
object. A camera provides position feedback to hold the laser on the
object as it moves.

### [Smart Bike Anti-Dooring](/docs/quests/docs/archive/smart-bike-dooring.md)

Create a way to prevent cyclists from being "doored" by automobiles in
the bike lane.

### [Smart Window Blinds](/docs/quests/docs/archive/smart-blinds.md)

Create a system to raise and lower window blinds in response to
lighting conditions. Integrate sensors and actuators and time of day.

### [Smart Fridge](/docs/quests/docs/archive/smart-fridge.md)

Build a control system for fridge that keeps track of items added,
subtracted, their age, and reports on when to order more.

### [Smart Peloton](/docs/quests/docs/archive/smart-peloton.md)

Use wireless communication between cyclists to do something useful. 

### [TV Remote](/docs/quests/docs/archive/tv-remote.md)

Build a WiFi or BLE remote control for changing channels.

### [Weather Station](/docs/quests/docs/archive/weather-station.md)

This is like sensor central but for weather-happy people.

### [Wireless Speaker](/docs/quests/docs/archive/wireless-speaker.md)

Build an audio communication protocol and send voice across the ether
using the ESP32s and Bell.

